<!-- What is html?
what are some other example of markup languages?
Difference between html and xml.
What is the structure of an html document?
What are html elements or how they are different from tags?
What is the purpose of <!DOCTYPE html> declaration?
Write a short note on head tag.
Can there be multiple body tags in a single html document.
What do you understand by nesting of tags?
Describe html formatting tags.
How can multiple spaces and comments be inserted in an html document?
What are attributes in html document?
Examples of global attributes.
How can text be aligned in html document?
How can you apply different colours to text?
How are images inserted in html document?
What do you understand by void element/singleton tag?
Write a short note on paragraph element.
How can superscripts and subscripts be inserted in html document?
How can you insert title with single and double quotes?
Define anchor tags and describe its attributes.
Which attribute is used to open hyperlink in a new tab?
When mailto is used within href attribute of anchor tag?
What is the purpose of using address tag?
Explain abbr tag.
Describe global attributes with examples.
Explain the id attribute and why this attribute is used.
What are the units that we use to resize the texts and images in an html doc.?
How many types of lists are there in html?
How can you insert lists in an html document. 
Explain each type of list with respective attributes.
When span tag is used in an html document?
Describe marquee tag with all of its attributes.
How can you find the coordinates of an image?
How can you move an image in an html document?
What are inline and block elements? Explain with examples.
Why div tags are used in an html document?
Describe the tag which let us create clickable areas in an image. Also explain all the attributes of the tag.
 -->



 <!-- 
Explain css,
Advantage of css, 
Rule of css, 
Different selectors of css,
What are pseudo classes, 
What is pseudo element selector,
Explain universal selector
What do the following CSS selectors mean?
div, p
div p
div + p
div > p
How will you target an h2 and h3 with the same styling?
Explain each type of css and how they are different
What is the difference between inline, inline-block, and block
Name the property for controlling the image repetition of the background.
Name the property for controlling the image scroll in the background.
Explain css box model with the help of diagram
How is margin different from padding in CSS?
Explain different border styles.

 -->